SENTIENT SPECIES:
Black Deep Dwellers: They live in the deep oceans or in deep caves, hiding. Their presence can go unnoticed for a long time. They have black skin. They have bilateral symmetry. They are thrill-seeking and unwilling to compromise. They first evolved on Urbon I in 451.
Four-Armed Trolloids with Threefold Symmetry: They have lost the ability to reproduce naturally, and compensate for this with a focus on science and paranoia. They have four arms. They have trilateral symmetry. They are reclusive and always willing to listen. They first evolved on Eenux III in 440.

CIVILISATIONS:
THE REPUBLIC OF FOUR-ARMED TROLLOIDS WITH THREEFOLD SYMMETRY:
A young, primitive Republic of 2 planets, with 4 billion inhabitants.
Major populations:
4 billion Four-Armed Trolloids with Threefold Symmetry.
It controls a Time Machine.

PLANETS:
FYNOU VI
A barren planet.
Vast Canyons: Gashes in the planet's crust so deep they reach the hot mantle, emitting gases noxious to much life but highly nutritious to some.
Strata:
The ruins of a mining base, built by the Second Republic of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry in 266, destroyed in 284 during the collapse of the Second Republic of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry.

URBON I
A life-bearing planet.
It is populated by:
2 billion Black Deep Dwellers
Periodical Darkness: Every thirteen years, the orbit of this planet synchronizes with that of a planet closer to its stars, causing a night that lasts for weeks.
Lifeforms of note:
Pharmaceuticals: Plants that contain interesting chemical compounds with medical applications.
Strata:
Fossils of gas bags that went extinct in 396 due to a massive asteroid impact.
Fossils of radiovores that went extinct in 396 due to a massive asteroid impact.
Remnants of a culture of Scaly Ursoids with Giant Eyes that collapsed due to a massive asteroid impact in 396.
The Tomb of the Pirate Redcrest, buried in 211.
A Youth Serum created by the Republic of Four-Armed Humanoids with Five-fold Symmetry in 81, buried in 104.
The ruins of a orbital elevator, built by the Republic of Four-Armed Humanoids with Five-fold Symmetry in 102, destroyed in 104 during the collapse of the Republic of Four-Armed Humanoids with Five-fold Symmetry.

REGOR III
A barren planet of the Republic of Four-Armed Trolloids with Threefold Symmetry.
A military base, built by the Republic of Four-Armed Trolloids with Threefold Symmetry in 462
Periodical Darkness: Every thirteen years, the orbit of this planet synchronizes with that of a planet closer to its stars, causing a night that lasts for weeks.
Strata:
The ruins of a mining base, built by the Church of Telepathic Humanoids in 394, destroyed in 418 during the collapse of the Church of Telepathic Humanoids.
The ruins of a science lab, built by the Second Republic of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry in 263, destroyed in 284 during the collapse of the Second Republic of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry.

EENUX III
A life-bearing planet of the Republic of Four-Armed Trolloids with Threefold Symmetry.
It is populated by:
4 billion Four-Armed Trolloids with Threefold Symmetry
A Time Machine created by the Republic of Four-Armed Trolloids with Threefold Symmetry in 460
Gem World: Huge, beautiful gems many metres across can be found in caves and in veins.
Strata:
The ruins of a military base, built by the Church of Telepathic Humanoids in 412, destroyed in 418 during the collapse of the Church of Telepathic Humanoids.
Fossils of ocean giants that went extinct in 411 due to a series of volcanic eruptions.
Fossils of shape-shifters that went extinct in 411 due to a series of volcanic eruptions.
A Virtual Reality Matrix created by the Republic of Tiny Purple Deep Dwellers in 120, buried in 411.
A Mind Reader created by the Republic of Four-Armed Humanoids with Five-fold Symmetry in 73, buried in 411.
A film about Time Machine created by the Empire of Yellow Antoids in 51 created by the Empire of Yellow Antoids in 51, lost in 284.
A Youth Serum created by the Kingdom of Tiny Blue Deep Dwellers with Long Tails in 198, lost in 252.
A Mind Archive created by the Republic of Tiny Purple Deep Dwellers in 113, buried in 126.

DYNOQ VI
A barren planet.
Deep Impenetrable Seas: Hundreds of kilometres down, water turns into ice from pressure.
Strata:
The ruins of a mining base, built by the Church of Telepathic Humanoids in 394, destroyed in 418 during the collapse of the Church of Telepathic Humanoids.
A Master Computer created by the Republic of Tiny Purple Deep Dwellers in 107, hidden in 246.
The ruins of a mining base, built by the Kingdom of Tiny Blue Deep Dwellers with Long Tails in 189, destroyed in 210 during the collapse of the Kingdom of Tiny Blue Deep Dwellers with Long Tails.

CONER VI
A barren planet.
Musical Caves: The wind whistles through massive caves and across rocks, producing an eerie music.
Strata:
The ruins of a science lab, built by the Church of Telepathic Humanoids in 396, destroyed in 418 during the collapse of the Church of Telepathic Humanoids.
A Universal Antidote created by the Republic of Tiny Purple Deep Dwellers in 116, lost in 252.
A film about Four-Armed Humanoids with Five-fold Symmetry created by the Republic of Four-Armed Humanoids with Five-fold Symmetry in 71, hidden in 99.

FREIA VI
A barren planet.
It is very heavily polluted.
Vast Empty Plains: Brown, dusty and featureless, their monotony is broken only by the occasional rivulet around which cluster many flying animals.
Strata:
A Teleport Gate created by the Church of Telepathic Humanoids in 401, buried in 418.
A film about the Emperor of the Empire of Telepathic Humanoids created by the Church of Telepathic Humanoids in 396, buried in 418.
A hologram of the Emperor of the Empire of Telepathic Humanoids created by the Church of Telepathic Humanoids in 395, buried in 418.
The ruins of a space academy, built by the Church of Telepathic Humanoids in 406, destroyed in 418 by a shift in the planet's orbital axis.
Remnants of a culture of Telepathic Robots that collapsed due to a shift in the planet's orbital axis in 418.
Remnants of a culture of Telepathic Humanoids that collapsed due to a shift in the planet's orbital axis in 418.
Fossils of ultravores that went extinct in 318.
A Time Machine created by the Second Republic of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry in 272, lost in 284.
A Teleport Gate created by the Second Republic of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry in 266, lost in 284.
A Living Weapon created by the Second Republic of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry in 262, lost in 284.
The ruins of a orbital elevator, built by the Second Republic of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry in 269, destroyed in 284 during the collapse of the Second Republic of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry.
Remnants of a culture of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry that collapsed from the effects of pollution in 278.
A Youth Serum created by the Church of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry in 252, lost in 252.
Remnants of a culture of Tiny Blue Deep Dwellers with Long Tails that collapsed from the effects of pollution in 210.
The Tomb of Captain Wipram, buried in 204.
The Tomb of Captain Krk'hkt, buried in 59.

MERA I
A barren planet.
Tidally Locked: This planet always presents the same side to its sun. There is perpetual day on one side, perpetual night on the other, and a ring of eternal twilight in between.
Strata:
Remnants of a culture of Six-Legged White Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry that collapsed due to a nova in 396.
The ruins of a orbital elevator, built by the Second Republic of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry in 283, destroyed in 284 during the collapse of the Second Republic of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry.

EYLOR II
A barren planet.
Tidally Locked: This planet always presents the same side to its sun. There is perpetual day on one side, perpetual night on the other, and a ring of eternal twilight in between.
Strata:
The ruins of a mining base, built by the Second Republic of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry in 266, destroyed in 284 during the collapse of the Second Republic of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry.

METATRON VI
A barren planet.
It is slightly polluted.
Vast Empty Plains: Brown, dusty and featureless, their monotony is broken only by the occasional rivulet around which cluster many flying animals.
Strata:
Fossils of pharmaceuticals that went extinct in 284 due to a massive asteroid impact.
The ruins of a military base, built by the Second Republic of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry in 270, destroyed in 284 during the collapse of the Second Republic of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry.
A Killer Meme created by the Republic of Robots and Humanoids in 115, buried in 132.
A Virtual Reality Matrix created by the Empire of Yellow Antoids in 61, buried in 132.
The ruins of a vast underground vault, built by the Republic of Robots and Humanoids in 120, destroyed in 132 during the collapse of the Republic of Robots and Humanoids.
Remnants of a culture of Giant Robots that collapsed from the effects of pollution in 132.
Remnants of a culture of Slim Robots that collapsed from the effects of pollution in 65.
Remnants of a culture of Yellow Antoids that collapsed from the effects of pollution in 61.


HISTORY:
0:
IN THE BEGINNING, ALL WAS DARK.
THEN, PLANETS BEGAN TO FORM:
Fynou VI, Urbon I, Regor III, Eenux III, Dynoq VI, Coner VI, Freia VI, Mera I, Eylor II, Metatron VI
18:
Life arises on Freia VI
25:
Life arises on Metatron VI
29:
Vast empty plains form on Freia VI.
33:
Sentient Yellow Antoids arise on Metatron VI.
34:
Life arises on Urbon I
36:
Pharmaceuticals evolve on Freia VI.
37:
Life arises on Eenux III
43:
The Yellow Antoids on Metatron VI achieve spaceflight and organise as a Military Dictatorship, the Empire of Yellow Antoids.
44:
WE ENTER THE FIRST AGE OF CIVILISATION
The Empire of Yellow Antoids explore Mera I. 
46:
The Empire of Yellow Antoids explore Metatron VI. 
48:
The Empire of Yellow Antoids explore Metatron VI. 
The Empire of Yellow Antoids explore Mera I. 
49:
Captain Krk'hkt, space adventurer, blasts off from Metatron VI.
An expedition led by Captain Krk'hkt explores Urbon I. 
An expedition led by Captain Krk'hkt explores Eenux III. 
Ultravores evolve on Freia VI.
50:
The Empire of Yellow Antoids create Slim Robots as servants on Metatron VI.
The Empire of Yellow Antoids enters a golden age of science! The Empire of Yellow Antoids build a science lab on Mera I.
An expedition led by Captain Krk'hkt explores Fynou VI. 
An expedition led by Captain Krk'hkt explores Regor III. 
51:
The Empire of Yellow Antoids develop a Time Machine.
Artists on Metatron VI create a film about Time Machine created by the Empire of Yellow Antoids in 51. 
An expedition led by Captain Krk'hkt explores Eylor II. 
Sentient Four-Armed Humanoids arise on Urbon I.
52:
An expedition led by Captain Krk'hkt explores Fynou VI. 
An expedition led by Captain Krk'hkt explores Regor III. 
53:
Shape-shifters evolve on Eenux III.
54:
An expedition led by Captain Krk'hkt explores Urbon I. They trade with the local Four-Armed Humanoids. 
An expedition led by Captain Krk'hkt explores Dynoq VI. 
55:
An expedition led by Captain Krk'hkt explores Dynoq VI. 
An expedition led by Captain Krk'hkt explores Dynoq VI. 
56:
The Four-Armed Humanoids on Urbon I mutate into Four-Armed Humanoids with Five-fold Symmetry.
The Empire of Yellow Antoids explore Metatron VI. 
An expedition led by Captain Krk'hkt explores Coner VI. 
An expedition led by Captain Krk'hkt explores Dynoq VI. 
57:
An expedition led by Captain Krk'hkt explores Urbon I. They trade with the local Four-Armed Humanoids with Five-fold Symmetry. 
An expedition led by Captain Krk'hkt explores Regor III. 
58:
The Empire of Yellow Antoids explore Mera I. 
An expedition led by Captain Krk'hkt explores Eenux III. 
An expedition led by Captain Krk'hkt explores Eylor II. 
59:
The Empire of Yellow Antoids build a cluster of breeding pits on Metatron VI.
The space adventurer Captain Krk'hkt dies and is buried on Freia VI.
61:
Yellow Antoids have died out on Metatron VI!
The Empire of Yellow Antoids develop a Virtual Reality Matrix.
62:
The Empire of Yellow Antoids explore Metatron VI. They discover: Remnants of a culture of Yellow Antoids that collapsed from the effects of pollution in 61. 
63:
Deposits of huge gems form on Eenux III.
64:
The Empire of Yellow Antoids explore Mera I. 
The Empire of Yellow Antoids explore Mera I. 
Mass hysteria breaks out in the Empire of Yellow Antoids, killing billions.
65:
Slim Robots have died out on Metatron VI!
The Empire of Yellow Antoids collapses.
66:
WE ENTER THE SECOND AGE OF DARKNESS
67:
The Four-Armed Humanoids with Five-fold Symmetry on Urbon I achieve spaceflight and organise as a Republic, the Republic of Four-Armed Humanoids with Five-fold Symmetry.
68:
WE ENTER THE SECOND AGE OF CIVILISATION
Due to an accident of orbital mechanics, every 13 years, Urbon I is plunged into total darkness.
70:
The Republic of Four-Armed Humanoids with Five-fold Symmetry experiences a population boom! 
71:
Artists on Urbon I create a film about Four-Armed Humanoids with Five-fold Symmetry. 
72:
The Republic of Four-Armed Humanoids with Five-fold Symmetry explore Urbon I. 
The Republic of Four-Armed Humanoids with Five-fold Symmetry experiences a population boom! 
73:
The Republic of Four-Armed Humanoids with Five-fold Symmetry explore Urbon I. 
The Republic of Four-Armed Humanoids with Five-fold Symmetry develop a Mind Reader.
74:
Sentient Tiny Orange Deep Dwellers arise on Freia VI.
75:
The Republic of Four-Armed Humanoids with Five-fold Symmetry explore Urbon I. 
Sentient Telepathic Catoids arise on Eenux III.
77:
The Republic of Four-Armed Humanoids with Five-fold Symmetry accidentally create the rogue AI Experiment 15 on Urbon I.
78:
The Republic of Four-Armed Humanoids with Five-fold Symmetry explore Urbon I. 
The Republic of Four-Armed Humanoids with Five-fold Symmetry explore Urbon I. 
79:
Pharmaceuticals evolve on Metatron VI.
80:
The Republic of Four-Armed Humanoids with Five-fold Symmetry enters a golden age of industry!  
81:
The Republic of Four-Armed Humanoids with Five-fold Symmetry explore Urbon I. 
The Republic of Four-Armed Humanoids with Five-fold Symmetry develop a Youth Serum.
Deep impenetrable seas form on Dynoq VI.
82:
The Tiny Orange Deep Dwellers on Freia VI mutate into Tiny Purple Deep Dwellers.
The Republic of Four-Armed Humanoids with Five-fold Symmetry build a vast underground vault on Urbon I.
84:
The Republic of Four-Armed Humanoids with Five-fold Symmetry experiences a population boom! 
85:
The Republic of Four-Armed Humanoids with Five-fold Symmetry explore Urbon I. 
86:
The rogue AI Experiment 15 vanishes without a trace.
87:
The Republic of Four-Armed Humanoids with Five-fold Symmetry explore Urbon I. 
The Tiny Purple Deep Dwellers on Freia VI achieve spaceflight and organise as a Republic, the Republic of Tiny Purple Deep Dwellers.
89:
The Republic of Four-Armed Humanoids with Five-fold Symmetry explore Urbon I. 
90:
The Republic of Tiny Purple Deep Dwellers experiences a population boom! 
91:
The Republic of Four-Armed Humanoids with Five-fold Symmetry explore Coner VI. 
The Republic of Four-Armed Humanoids with Five-fold Symmetry build a military base on Coner VI.
The Republic of Tiny Purple Deep Dwellers develop a Artificial Plague.
92:
The Telepathic Catoids on Eenux III achieve spaceflight and organise as a Feudal State, the Kingdom of Telepathic Catoids.
93:
The Republic of Tiny Purple Deep Dwellers explore Dynoq VI. 
94:
The Republic of Four-Armed Humanoids with Five-fold Symmetry explore Coner VI. 
The Republic of Tiny Purple Deep Dwellers experiences a population boom! 
95:
The Kingdom of Telepathic Catoids explore Eenux III. Shape-shifters impersonate the crew of the expedition. Upon their return to Eenux III they merge into the population.
96:
The Republic of Four-Armed Humanoids with Five-fold Symmetry build a mining base on Fynou VI.
The Republic of Tiny Purple Deep Dwellers build a military base on Regor III.
The Kingdom of Telepathic Catoids send a delegation to Regor III. They declare war on the Republic of Tiny Purple Deep Dwellers! 
The Kingdom of Telepathic Catoids enters a golden age of industry!  
The Kingdom of Telepathic Catoids attack Freia VI, a colony of the Republic of Tiny Purple Deep Dwellers, and subject it to orbital bombardment, killing 3 billion.
97:
A famine breaks out on Freia VI, killing 2 billion.
The Kingdom of Telepathic Catoids send a delegation to Regor III. They sign a peace accord with the Republic of Tiny Purple Deep Dwellers, ending their war. 
98:
The Republic of Four-Armed Humanoids with Five-fold Symmetry send a delegation to Eenux III. They declare war on the Kingdom of Telepathic Catoids! 
The Republic of Four-Armed Humanoids with Five-fold Symmetry conquer Eenux III, a colony of the Kingdom of Telepathic Catoids.
The Republic of Tiny Purple Deep Dwellers develop a Universal Computer Virus.
The Kingdom of Telepathic Catoids collapses.
Sentient Amorphous Humanoids with Long Tails arise on Metatron VI.
99:
The Republic of Four-Armed Humanoids with Five-fold Symmetry build a mining base on Eylor II.
The film about Four-Armed Humanoids with Five-fold Symmetry created by the Republic of Four-Armed Humanoids with Five-fold Symmetry in 71 on Urbon I has been stolen and hidden on Coner VI.
100:
The Republic of Four-Armed Humanoids with Five-fold Symmetry explore Fynou VI. 
101:
The Republic of Four-Armed Humanoids with Five-fold Symmetry explore Eenux III. 
The Republic of Tiny Purple Deep Dwellers explore Regor III. 
102:
The Republic of Four-Armed Humanoids with Five-fold Symmetry explore Eylor II. 
The Republic of Four-Armed Humanoids with Five-fold Symmetry build a orbital elevator on Urbon I.
103:
The Republic of Four-Armed Humanoids with Five-fold Symmetry explore Fynou VI. 
Mass hysteria breaks out in the Republic of Four-Armed Humanoids with Five-fold Symmetry, killing billions.
The population of Eenux III turn out to be all shape-shifters. The colony collapses as the shape-shifters need real sentients to keep up their mimicry.
104:
Four-Armed Humanoids with Five-fold Symmetry have died out on Urbon I!
The Republic of Four-Armed Humanoids with Five-fold Symmetry collapses.
The Republic of Tiny Purple Deep Dwellers build a science lab on Dynoq VI.
107:
The Republic of Tiny Purple Deep Dwellers develop a Master Computer.
The Amorphous Humanoids with Long Tails on Metatron VI achieve spaceflight and organise as a Feudal State, the Kingdom of Amorphous Humanoids with Long Tails.
108:
The Kingdom of Amorphous Humanoids with Long Tails explore Metatron VI. The expedition encounters plants with useful pharmaceutical properties. They recover: A Virtual Reality Matrix created by the Empire of Yellow Antoids in 61, buried in 65. 
The Kingdom of Amorphous Humanoids with Long Tails explore Mera I. 
The Kingdom of Amorphous Humanoids with Long Tails experiences a population boom! 
109:
The Republic of Tiny Purple Deep Dwellers build a science lab on Eenux III.
110:
The Republic of Tiny Purple Deep Dwellers build a science lab on Coner VI.
The Kingdom of Amorphous Humanoids with Long Tails create Giant Robots as servants on Metatron VI.
111:
The Republic of Tiny Purple Deep Dwellers build a science lab on Fynou VI.
The Kingdom of Amorphous Humanoids with Long Tails explore Metatron VI. The expedition encounters plants with useful pharmaceutical properties. 
112:
The Kingdom of Amorphous Humanoids with Long Tails explore Mera I. 
A popular movement overthrows the old guard of the Kingdom of Amorphous Humanoids with Long Tails and declares the Republic of Robots and Humanoids.
113:
The Republic of Tiny Purple Deep Dwellers build a science lab on Eylor II.
The Republic of Tiny Purple Deep Dwellers explore Freia VI. The expedition encounters plants with useful pharmaceutical properties. 
The Republic of Tiny Purple Deep Dwellers develop a Mind Archive.
114:
The Republic of Tiny Purple Deep Dwellers build a military base on Urbon I.
The Republic of Robots and Humanoids enters a golden age of industry! The Republic of Robots and Humanoids build a mining base on Mera I. 
115:
The Republic of Tiny Purple Deep Dwellers explore Eylor II. They discover: The ruins of a mining base, built by the Republic of Four-Armed Humanoids with Five-fold Symmetry in 99, destroyed in 104 during the collapse of the Republic of Four-Armed Humanoids with Five-fold Symmetry. 
The Republic of Robots and Humanoids build a reforming vat on Metatron VI.
The Republic of Robots and Humanoids develop a Killer Meme.
116:
The Republic of Tiny Purple Deep Dwellers develop a Universal Antidote.
The Republic of Robots and Humanoids explore Metatron VI. The expedition encounters plants with useful pharmaceutical properties. They recover: A film about Time Machine created by the Empire of Yellow Antoids in 51 created by the Empire of Yellow Antoids in 51, buried in 65. 
117:
The Republic of Tiny Purple Deep Dwellers explore Regor III. 
The Republic of Robots and Humanoids enters a golden age of industry!  
118:
The Republic of Tiny Purple Deep Dwellers build a grand palace on Freia VI.
The Republic of Robots and Humanoids enters a golden age of science! 
119:
The Republic of Robots and Humanoids build a complex of arcologies on Metatron VI.
The Republic of Robots and Humanoids develop a Master Computer.
120:
The Republic of Tiny Purple Deep Dwellers develop a Virtual Reality Matrix.
The deadly Blue Wasting, which affects Tiny Purple Deep Dwellers, arises on Freia VI.
The Republic of Robots and Humanoids explore Metatron VI. The expedition encounters plants with useful pharmaceutical properties. They discover: The ruins of a cluster of breeding pits, built by the Empire of Yellow Antoids in 59, destroyed in 65 during the collapse of the Empire of Yellow Antoids. 
The Republic of Robots and Humanoids build a vast underground vault on Metatron VI.
121:
The Blue Wasting on Freia VI is cured by the universal antidote.
The Republic of Robots and Humanoids explore Mera I. 
122:
Amorphous Humanoids with Long Tails have died out on Metatron VI!
The Republic of Tiny Purple Deep Dwellers explore Eylor II. 
The Republic of Robots and Humanoids explore Metatron VI. The expedition encounters plants with useful pharmaceutical properties. 
123:
The Republic of Tiny Purple Deep Dwellers accidentally create the rogue AI Mind 203 on Urbon I.
The Republic of Robots and Humanoids build a vast museum on Metatron VI.
Artists on Metatron VI create a hymn about Experiment 15. 
124:
A famine breaks out on Freia VI, killing 2 billion.
The Republic of Robots and Humanoids build a repair bay on Metatron VI.
125:
Artists on Metatron VI create a hologram of hymn about Experiment 15 created by the Republic of Robots and Humanoids in 123. 
The rogue AI Mind 203 crashes the Coner VI stock exchange.
126:
A famine breaks out on Freia VI, killing 1 billion, wiping out all sentient life.
The Republic of Tiny Purple Deep Dwellers collapses.
127:
The Republic of Robots and Humanoids develop a Universal Computer Virus.
128:
The rogue AI Mind 203 infects the inhabitants of Metatron VI with Black Pox, which affects Giant Robots.
129:
Black Pox has been eradicated on Metatron VI.
An industrial accident on Metatron VI causes deadly levels of pollution.
131:
The Republic of Robots and Humanoids explore Mera I. 
The Republic of Robots and Humanoids enters a golden age of science! 
132:
Giant Robots have died out on Metatron VI!
The Republic of Robots and Humanoids collapses.
133:
WE ENTER THE THIRD AGE OF DARKNESS
138:
Due to an accident of orbital mechanics, every 13 years, Regor III is plunged into total darkness.
139:
Pollution on Metatron VI abates.
145:
Sentient Tiny Blue Deep Dwellers arise on Freia VI.
171:
The wind plays across rock formations on Coner VI, producing an eerie music.
176:
The Tiny Blue Deep Dwellers on Freia VI mutate into Tiny Blue Deep Dwellers with Long Tails.
181:
The rogue AI Mind 203 vanishes without a trace.
188:
The Tiny Blue Deep Dwellers with Long Tails on Freia VI achieve spaceflight and organise as a Feudal State, the Kingdom of Tiny Blue Deep Dwellers with Long Tails.
189:
WE ENTER THE THIRD AGE OF CIVILISATION
The Kingdom of Tiny Blue Deep Dwellers with Long Tails enters a golden age of industry! The Kingdom of Tiny Blue Deep Dwellers with Long Tails build a mining base on Regor III. The Kingdom of Tiny Blue Deep Dwellers with Long Tails build a mining base on Dynoq VI.
190:
The Kingdom of Tiny Blue Deep Dwellers with Long Tails build a mining base on Eenux III.
191:
The Kingdom of Tiny Blue Deep Dwellers with Long Tails build a mining base on Coner VI.
195:
The Kingdom of Tiny Blue Deep Dwellers with Long Tails explore Eenux III. 
The Kingdom of Tiny Blue Deep Dwellers with Long Tails create Slim Orange Robots as servants on Freia VI.
Captain Wipram, space adventurer, blasts off from Eenux III.
196:
The Kingdom of Tiny Blue Deep Dwellers with Long Tails explore Regor III. 
An expedition led by Captain Wipram explores Eylor II. 
An expedition led by Captain Wipram explores Urbon I. 
197:
The Kingdom of Tiny Blue Deep Dwellers with Long Tails enters a golden age of science! 
An expedition led by Captain Wipram explores Eylor II. 
An expedition led by Captain Wipram explores Mera I. 
198:
The Kingdom of Tiny Blue Deep Dwellers with Long Tails develop a Youth Serum.
An expedition led by Captain Wipram explores Fynou VI. 
199:
The pirate Redcrest establishes herself on Dynoq VI.
An expedition led by Captain Wipram explores Fynou VI. 
The pirate Redcrest receives tribute from Freia VI of the Kingdom of Tiny Blue Deep Dwellers with Long Tails.
An expedition led by Captain Wipram explores Fynou VI. 
200:
An expedition led by Captain Wipram explores Urbon I. 
The pirate Redcrest receives tribute from Freia VI of the Kingdom of Tiny Blue Deep Dwellers with Long Tails.
An expedition led by Captain Wipram explores Eylor II. 
201:
An expedition led by Captain Wipram explores Urbon I. They recover: A Mind Reader created by the Republic of Four-Armed Humanoids with Five-fold Symmetry in 73, buried in 104. 
The pirate Redcrest receives tribute from Eenux III of the Kingdom of Tiny Blue Deep Dwellers with Long Tails.
An expedition led by Captain Wipram explores Eylor II. 
202:
The Kingdom of Tiny Blue Deep Dwellers with Long Tails develop powerful new weapons.
Captain Wipram is sent on a mission to defeat the pirate Redcrest by the government of Regor III.
Captain Wipram fails to find any trace of the pirate Redcrest.
The pirate Redcrest receives tribute from Dynoq VI of the Kingdom of Tiny Blue Deep Dwellers with Long Tails.
An expedition led by Captain Wipram explores Fynou VI. 
203:
An expedition led by Captain Wipram explores Fynou VI. 
The pirate Redcrest receives tribute from Freia VI of the Kingdom of Tiny Blue Deep Dwellers with Long Tails.
Captain Wipram is sent on a mission to defeat the pirate Redcrest by the government of Regor III.
Captain Wipram tracks down the pirate Redcrest in orbit around Freia VI.
Captain Wipram is defeated by the pirate Redcrest and flees back to Freia VI.
204:
Captain Wipram is sent on a mission to defeat the pirate Redcrest by the government of Regor III.
Captain Wipram fails to find any trace of the pirate Redcrest.
The space adventurer Captain Wipram dies and is buried on Freia VI.
205:
The pirate Redcrest receives tribute from Dynoq VI of the Kingdom of Tiny Blue Deep Dwellers with Long Tails.
206:
The pirate Redcrest receives tribute from Dynoq VI of the Kingdom of Tiny Blue Deep Dwellers with Long Tails.
208:
The pirate Redcrest buries a hoard of treasure on Urbon I.
209:
Mass hysteria breaks out in the Kingdom of Tiny Blue Deep Dwellers with Long Tails, killing billions.
The pirate Redcrest receives tribute from Freia VI of the Kingdom of Tiny Blue Deep Dwellers with Long Tails.
210:
Tiny Blue Deep Dwellers with Long Tails have died out on Freia VI!
The Kingdom of Tiny Blue Deep Dwellers with Long Tails collapses.
211:
WE ENTER THE FOURTH AGE OF DARKNESS
The pirate Redcrest dies and is buried on Urbon I.
219:
Sentient Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry arise on Freia VI.
227:
Vast empty plains form on Metatron VI.
230:
A giant spaceborne blue jellyfish appears from the depths of space and menaces the skies of Eylor II.
232:
The Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry on Freia VI achieve spaceflight and organise as a Military Dictatorship, the Empire of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry.
233:
WE ENTER THE FOURTH AGE OF CIVILISATION
236:
A popular movement overthrows the old guard of the Empire of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry and declares the Republic of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry.
238:
The Republic of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry create Giant White Robots as servants on Freia VI.
239:
The Republic of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry explore Freia VI. The expedition encounters plants with useful pharmaceutical properties. An ultravore stows away on the expedition's ship. Upon their return to Freia VI it escapes and multiplies.
243:
The Republic of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry explore Dynoq VI. They discover: The ruins of a mining base, built by the Kingdom of Tiny Blue Deep Dwellers with Long Tails in 189, destroyed in 210 during the collapse of the Kingdom of Tiny Blue Deep Dwellers with Long Tails. They recover: A Master Computer created by the Republic of Tiny Purple Deep Dwellers in 107, buried in 126. 
244:
The Republic of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry build a mining base on Dynoq VI.
245:
The Republic of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry explore Regor III. 
The Republic of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry build a mining base on Regor III.
246:
The Republic of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry build a mining base on Eenux III.
The Republic of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry launch a space probe called Monad to explore the galaxy.
The Master Computer created by the Republic of Tiny Purple Deep Dwellers in 107 on Freia VI has been stolen and hidden on Dynoq VI.
247:
The Republic of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry build a mining base on Coner VI.
248:
The giant spaceborne blue jellyfish leaves the orbit of Eylor II and heads back into deep space.
250:
Religious fanatics sieze power in the Republic of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry and declare the Church of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry.
252:
The Church of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry explore Coner VI. They recover: A Universal Antidote created by the Republic of Tiny Purple Deep Dwellers in 116, buried in 126. 
The Church of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry explore Freia VI. The expedition encounters plants with useful pharmaceutical properties. They recover: A Youth Serum created by the Kingdom of Tiny Blue Deep Dwellers with Long Tails in 198, buried in 210. 
The Church of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry develop a Youth Serum.
The Church of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry enters a dark age.
The Church of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry collapses.
253:
WE ENTER THE FIFTH AGE OF DARKNESS
260:
The Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry on Freia VI achieve spaceflight and organise as a Republic, the Second Republic of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry.
261:
WE ENTER THE FIFTH AGE OF CIVILISATION
The Second Republic of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry explore Freia VI. The expedition encounters plants with useful pharmaceutical properties. They discover: Remnants of a culture of Tiny Blue Deep Dwellers with Long Tails that collapsed from the effects of pollution in 210. 
262:
The Second Republic of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry explore Dynoq VI. 
The Second Republic of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry develop a Living Weapon.
263:
The Second Republic of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry explore Dynoq VI. They discover: The ruins of a mining base, built by the Church of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry in 244, destroyed in 252 during the collapse of the Church of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry. 
The Second Republic of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry build a science lab on Regor III.
The Second Republic of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry experiences a population boom! 
264:
The Second Republic of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry build a mining base on Dynoq VI.
The Second Republic of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry enters a golden age of science! The Second Republic of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry build a science lab on Eenux III.
265:
The Second Republic of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry develop a Artificial Plague.
266:
The Second Republic of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry build a science lab on Coner VI.
The Second Republic of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry develop a Teleport Gate.
The Second Republic of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry enters a golden age of industry! The Second Republic of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry build a mining base on Eylor II. The Second Republic of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry build a mining base on Fynou VI.
The space probe Monad returns to Freia VI.
Unable to contact the Church of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry that launched it, the probe goes insane.
267:
The Second Republic of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry explore Urbon I. 
The Second Republic of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry build a mining base on Urbon I.
268:
The Second Republic of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry explore Eylor II. They discover: The ruins of a science lab, built by the Republic of Tiny Purple Deep Dwellers in 113, destroyed in 126 during the collapse of the Republic of Tiny Purple Deep Dwellers. 
The Second Republic of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry terraform and colonise Mera I.
269:
The Second Republic of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry build a orbital elevator on Freia VI.
The Second Republic of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry experiences a population boom! 
270:
The Second Republic of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry explore Eenux III. 
The Second Republic of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry build a military base on Metatron VI.
272:
The Second Republic of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry explore Mera I. They recover: A film about Time Machine created by the Empire of Yellow Antoids in 51 created by the Empire of Yellow Antoids in 51, buried in 132. 
The Second Republic of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry build a great hall on Freia VI.
The Second Republic of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry develop a Time Machine.
273:
The Second Republic of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry build a grand palace on Mera I.
275:
Mera I becomes tidally locked to its star.
276:
The insane space probe Monad bombards Freia VI, killing one billion Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry.
278:
Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry have died out on Freia VI!
The Second Republic of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry launch a space probe called Soj'r to explore the galaxy.
279:
The Second Republic of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry explore Urbon I. 
280:
The Second Republic of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry explore Eylor II. 
The insane space probe Monad bombards Freia VI, killing one billion Giant White Robots.
Pollution on Urbon I abates.
283:
The Second Republic of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry build a orbital elevator on Mera I.
284:
The Second Republic of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry enters a dark age.
The Second Republic of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry collapses.
The insane space probe Monad bombards Freia VI, killing one billion Giant White Robots.
All life on Metatron VI is killed off by a massive asteroid impact!
285:
WE ENTER THE SIXTH AGE OF DARKNESS
286:
Radiovores evolve on Urbon I.
300:
The space probe Soj'r returns to Freia VI.
Unable to contact the Second Republic of Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry that launched it, the probe goes insane.
318:
The insane space probe Soj'r crashes into Freia VI, wiping out all life on the planet.
324:
The insane space probe Monad crashes into Freia VI, wiping out all life on the planet.
328:
The rogue AI Experiment 15 reappears on Regor III.
336:
Vast canyons are carved on Fynou VI.
341:
Eylor II becomes tidally locked to its star.
347:
Gas bags evolve on Urbon I.
348:
Life arises on Freia VI
359:
The rogue AI Experiment 15 vanishes without a trace.
361:
The Six-Legged Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry on Mera I mutate into Six-Legged White Dwarfoids with Five-fold Symmetry.
368:
Sentient Telepathic Humanoids arise on Freia VI.
373:
Pollution on Eenux III abates.
387:
Sentient Scaly Ursoids arise on Urbon I.
391:
The Scaly Ursoids on Urbon I mutate into Scaly Ursoids with Giant Eyes.
392:
Ocean giants evolve on Eenux III.
393:
The Telepathic Humanoids on Freia VI achieve spaceflight and organise as a Military Dictatorship, the Empire of Telepathic Humanoids.
394:
WE ENTER THE SIXTH AGE OF CIVILISATION
The Empire of Telepathic Humanoids enters a golden age of industry! The Empire of Telepathic Humanoids build a mining base on Dynoq VI. The Empire of Telepathic Humanoids build a mining base on Regor III.
395:
The Empire of Telepathic Humanoids build a mining base on Eenux III.
Artists on Freia VI create a hologram of the Emperor of the Empire of Telepathic Humanoids. 
396:
The Empire of Telepathic Humanoids build a science lab on Coner VI.
Artists on Freia VI create a film about the Emperor of the Empire of Telepathic Humanoids. 
All life on Urbon I is killed off by a massive asteroid impact!
The star of Mera I goes nova, scraping the planet clean of all life!
397:
The Empire of Telepathic Humanoids explore Freia VI. They recover: A Mind Reader created by the Republic of Four-Armed Humanoids with Five-fold Symmetry in 73, buried in 210. 
398:
The Empire of Telepathic Humanoids explore Dynoq VI. 
The Empire of Telepathic Humanoids launch a space probe called P'neer to explore the galaxy.
401:
The Empire of Telepathic Humanoids develop a Teleport Gate.
402:
The Empire of Telepathic Humanoids build a mining base on Fynou VI.
The Empire of Telepathic Humanoids build a military base on Metatron VI.
403:
The Empire of Telepathic Humanoids build a science lab on Mera I.
Religious fanatics sieze power in the Empire of Telepathic Humanoids and declare the Church of Telepathic Humanoids.
404:
The Church of Telepathic Humanoids build a military base on Eylor II.
405:
The Church of Telepathic Humanoids build a mining base on Urbon I.
The Church of Telepathic Humanoids explore Mera I. 
406:
The Church of Telepathic Humanoids build a space academy on Freia VI.
407:
The Church of Telepathic Humanoids explore Urbon I. 
408:
The Church of Telepathic Humanoids explore Metatron VI. 
The Church of Telepathic Humanoids create Telepathic Robots as servants on Freia VI.
409:
The Church of Telepathic Humanoids explore Eylor II. They recover: A Virtual Reality Matrix created by the Republic of Tiny Purple Deep Dwellers in 120, buried in 126. 
410:
The Church of Telepathic Humanoids explore Coner VI. 
The Church of Telepathic Humanoids explore Urbon I. They discover: Fossils of gas bags that went extinct in 396 due to a massive asteroid impact. 
411:
The Church of Telepathic Humanoids explore Eenux III. Shape-shifters impersonate the crew of the expedition. Upon their return to Coner VI they merge into the population.
Massive volcanic eruptions on Eenux III eradicate all life on the planet!
412:
The Church of Telepathic Humanoids build a military base on Eenux III.
413:
The Church of Telepathic Humanoids explore Eenux III. They discover: Fossils of ocean giants that went extinct in 411 due to a series of volcanic eruptions. 
414:
The Church of Telepathic Humanoids explore Coner VI. 
415:
The Church of Telepathic Humanoids explore Freia VI. They discover: Fossils of ultravores that went extinct in 318. 
416:
The Church of Telepathic Humanoids explore Regor III. 
418:
An industrial accident on Freia VI causes deadly levels of pollution.
A shift in the orbital axis of Freia VI spells doom for all life on the planet!
The Church of Telepathic Humanoids collapses.
419:
WE ENTER THE SEVENTH AGE OF DARKNESS
420:
The space probe P'neer returns to Freia VI.
Unable to contact the Church of Telepathic Humanoids that launched it, the probe goes insane.
421:
Life arises on Eenux III
422:
Life arises on Urbon I
434:
The insane space probe P'neer crashes into Freia VI, wiping out all life on the planet.
435:
Pharmaceuticals evolve on Urbon I.
440:
Sentient Four-Armed Trolloids with Threefold Symmetry arise on Eenux III.
451:
Sentient Black Deep Dwellers arise on Urbon I.
457:
The Four-Armed Trolloids with Threefold Symmetry on Eenux III achieve spaceflight and organise as a Republic, the Republic of Four-Armed Trolloids with Threefold Symmetry.
458:
WE ENTER THE SEVENTH AGE OF CIVILISATION
460:
The Republic of Four-Armed Trolloids with Threefold Symmetry develop a Time Machine.
462:
The Republic of Four-Armed Trolloids with Threefold Symmetry build a military base on Regor III.
463:
The Republic of Four-Armed Trolloids with Threefold Symmetry explore Freia VI. They discover: The ruins of a space academy, built by the Church of Telepathic Humanoids in 406, destroyed in 418 by a shift in the planet's orbital axis. 
